# CS340
* How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  * The advantage of the CRUD python module is that it is universal in databases and connects the backend to the client-side dashboard. It allows the manipulation of the MongoDB model buisness logic, and provides flexibility for different frontend framework implementations. Conversely, the developer can modify the database implementation of this module. 
* How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  * I would try to understand the client requirements better in the beginning, as these can infuence database selection and implementation. Decisions such as indexing can be very convenient when manipulating the database to serve to the frontend. It is also important to understand which technologies commonly go together, as well as recent versions. This can better inform the most appopriate tools and technology choices for each specific project. Keeping up with current version releases can also serve to speed up development.
* What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  * Computer scientists solve problems. They combine technologies to address real-world problems. Whether it's creating a web-service or mobile application, frontend or backend, computer scientists analyze, design, and develop solutions. 
